read: read [-ers] [-u fd] [-t timeout] [-p prompt] [-a array] [-n nchars] [-d delim] [name ...]
    One line is read from the standard input, or from file descriptor FD if the
    -u option is supplied, and the first word is assigned to the first NAME,
    the second word to the second NAME, and so on, with leftover words assigned
    to the last NAME.  Only the characters found in $IFS are recognized as word
    delimiters.  If no NAMEs are supplied, the line read is stored in the REPLY
    variable.  If the -r option is given, this signifies `raw' input, and
    backslash escaping is disabled.  The -d option causes read to continue
    until the first character of DELIM is read, rather than newline.  If the -p
    option is supplied, the string PROMPT is output without a trailing newline
    before attempting to read.  If -a is supplied, the words read are assigned
    to sequential indices of ARRAY, starting at zero.  If -e is supplied and
    the shell is interactive, readline is used to obtain the line.  If -n is
    supplied with a non-zero NCHARS argument, read returns after NCHARS
    characters have been read.  The -s option causes input coming from a
    terminal to not be echoed.
    
    The -t option causes read to time out and return failure if a complete line
    of input is not read within TIMEOUT seconds.  If the TMOUT variable is set,
    its value is the default timeout.  The return code is zero, unless end-of-file
    is encountered, read times out, or an invalid file descriptor is supplied as
    the argument to -u.
readonly: readonly [-af] [name[=value] ...] or readonly -p
    The given NAMEs are marked readonly and the values of these NAMEs may
    not be changed by subsequent assignment.  If the -f option is given,
    then functions corresponding to the NAMEs are so marked.  If no
    arguments are given, or if `-p' is given, a list of all readonly names
    is printed.  The `-a' option means to treat each NAME as
    an array variable.  An argument of `--' disables further option
    processing.
umask: umask [-p] [-S] [mode]
    The user file-creation mask is set to MODE.  If MODE is omitted, or if
    `-S' is supplied, the current value of the mask is printed.  The `-S'
    option makes the output symbolic; otherwise an octal number is output.
    If `-p' is supplied, and MODE is omitted, the output is in a form
    that may be used as input.  If MODE begins with a digit, it is
    interpreted as an octal number, otherwise it is a symbolic mode string
    like that accepted by chmod(1).
set: set [--abefhkmnptuvxBCHP] [-o option] [arg ...]
        -a  Mark variables which are modified or created for export.
        -b  Notify of job termination immediately.
        -e  Exit immediately if a command exits with a non-zero status.
        -f  Disable file name generation (globbing).
        -h  Remember the location of commands as they are looked up.
        -k  All assignment arguments are placed in the environment for a
            command, not just those that precede the command name.
        -m  Job control is enabled.
        -n  Read commands but do not execute them.
        -o option-name
            Set the variable corresponding to option-name:
                allexport    same as -a
                braceexpand  same as -B
                emacs        use an emacs-style line editing interface
                errexit      same as -e
                errtrace     same as -E
                functrace    same as -T
                hashall      same as -h
                histexpand   same as -H
                history      enable command history
                ignoreeof    the shell will not exit upon reading EOF
                interactive-comments
                             allow comments to appear in interactive commands
                keyword      same as -k
                monitor      same as -m
                noclobber    same as -C
                noexec       same as -n
                noglob       same as -f
                nolog        currently accepted but ignored
                notify       same as -b
                nounset      same as -u
                onecmd       same as -t
                physical     same as -P
                pipefail     the return value of a pipeline is the status of
                             the last command to exit with a non-zero status,
                             or zero if no command exited with a non-zero status
                posix        change the behavior of bash where the default
                             operation differs from the 1003.2 standard to
                             match the standard
                privileged   same as -p
                verbose      same as -v
                vi           use a vi-style line editing interface
                xtrace       same as -x
        -p  Turned on whenever the real and effective user ids do not match.
            Disables processing of the $ENV file and importing of shell
            functions.  Turning this option off causes the effective uid and
            gid to be set to the real uid and gid.
        -t  Exit after reading and executing one command.
        -u  Treat unset variables as an error when substituting.
        -v  Print shell input lines as they are read.
        -x  Print commands and their arguments as they are executed.
        -B  the shell will perform brace expansion
        -C  If set, disallow existing regular files to be overwritten
            by redirection of output.
        -E  If set, the ERR trap is inherited by shell functions.
        -H  Enable ! style history substitution.  This flag is on
            by default when the shell is interactive.
        -P  If set, do not follow symbolic links when executing commands
            such as cd which change the current directory.
        -T  If set, the DEBUG trap is inherited by shell functions.
        -   Assign any remaining arguments to the positional parameters.
            The -x and -v options are turned off.
    
    Using + rather than - causes these flags to be turned off.  The
    flags can also be used upon invocation of the shell.  The current
    set of flags may be found in $-.  The remaining n ARGs are positional
    parameters and are assigned, in order, to $1, $2, .. $n.  If no
    ARGs are given, all shell variables are printed.
